Welcome to FVWM Themes, an alpha release.


HOW TO INSTALL
--------------

To install this package unpack the tarball and execute:

	./configure
	make
	make install

You can run two first commmands as any user and the last one as the user
having write permissions to fvwm installation (supposedly root).

After that, the package can be uninstalled at any time using:

	make uninstall

It is possible (but not recommended) to install fvwm-themes to any place,
regardless of fvwm installation, but you should really know what you do,
see the last section of this file for instructions.

Please report any installation problems to fvwm-themes-devel mailing list.

FVWM THEMES CONFIGURE OPTIONS
-----------------------------

Try ./configure --help for the list of all the options to configure.
In addition of the "standard" options there is the following option:

--enable-gnome-icons - This cause fvwm-themes installation procedure
to convert GNOME PNG icons into xpm icons and mini-icons (under 
datadir/fvwm/tr-icons directory). For that you need GNOME and ImageMagick
installed. Use this option if you want original GNOME icons into your
fvwm GNOME menus and for the Icon and MiniIcon Style of the GNOME
applications. See the FAQ and fvwm-themes-image man page for more
details.

THE DEFAULT DIRECTORIES
-----------------------

The fvwm-themes is designed as an add-on, integrated to fvwm pre-2.4.
The default is to install fvwm-themes to the same directories as fvwm itself,
more specifically, to ones returned by:

	fvwm-config --bindir --mandir --fvwm-datadir

If fvwm bin directory (fvwm-config utility is part of fvwm-2.3.17) is not
in your $PATH, we suggest you to add this directory to your $PATH or specify
--with-fvwm-bindir parameter to ./configure. Adding fvwm bin to your $PATH
is needed anyway if you want to use all features (like fvwm-menu-* scripts).


HOW TO CHANGE THE DEFAULT DIRECTORIES
-------------------------------------

You should normally skip this section. Currently installation to an
alternative (non fvwm) place will not work without many changes.

You can overwrite the default directories by giving one or more parameters
to ./configure: --bindir, --mandir, --datadir (or --with-ft-datadir).

Note, fvwm-themes (like fvwm itself) installs all goodies to $datadir/fvwm.

You can also specify --prefix parameter, in this case the mentioned
directories will default to this prefix ($prefix/bin, $prefix/man,
$prefix/share/fvwm). Normally, the prefix is not used.

Example:  env DEBUG=1 ./configure --prefix=/tmp/fvwm-themes --bindir=/tmp
