This is a release of fvwm-themes based on the stable fvwm 2.4.8 version.

FVWM Themes is an attempt to create easy, configurable and modular framework
for the FVWM configuration. You can visit the project's home page at:

	http://fvwm-themes.sourceforge.net/

or project's development page (where you may download the package):

	http://sourceforge.net/projects/fvwm-themes/

This release should work out of the box and is stable enough.
The development continues.

How To Install (CVS)
--------------------

To use the CVS version of fvwm-themes, you will need autotools installed, as
well as X11 header files.  The script:

contrib/configure_dev.sh

in the CVS sources will run the autotool commands to generate the necessary
configure script.  See the section on "How to Install" in this document on
how to install fvwm-themes in the usual way.

How To Install
--------------

Note, starting from 0.6.2, fvwm-themes is divided to 2 packages,
fvwm-themes and fvwm-themes-extra. In the past (0.5.0 - 0.6.1)
the package names were fvwm-themes-base and fvwm-themes-extra.

Please read INSTALL file for installation instructions.
In short, after untarring fvwm-themes package you should execute:

	./configure
	make install

You must not untar fvwm-themes-extra pack. To install it, execute:

	fvwm-themes-config --site --install fvwm-themes-extra.tar.bz2

How to Start
------------

Make sure you use one of the latest versions of fvwm >= 2.4.8.
Replace the last line of your ~/.Xclients (or ~/.xinitrc or ~/.xsession):
	fvwm  (or fvwm2)
with:
	fvwm-themes-start
and rerun X. See the fvwm-themes-start manual page for more details.
You should get the default theme, which you can change using the root menu.

How to use
----------

Once you start fvwm with the themes configuration, you get a very modular
fvwm setup, including menus, bindings, colors, background, modules and more.

There is a "Theme Management" menu. To change theme components, choose
a theme and click on "[ all ]" to load all components in the chosen theme
or on a specific component to load only it. Different components may have
different options, they can be changed in the "current" theme submenu.
For example, there are 42 color schemes in the cde theme, and 32 in the
luthien theme. You first choose cde->colors, then current->colors->scheme.
You can also fully manipulate theme components using the Themes Center GUI.

Some themes may be more attractive to you, some less. At any time you may
reset all loaded theme components by choosing "Reset all to default".
Once you find the component combination you like, it is automatically
becomes permanent, the next time you start fvwm-themes, it will be loaded.

You will find more interesting things (about a possibility to ask a window
button itself what it does, about changing icon sets, or redefining bound
applications, or defining sessions and more) while exploring fvwm-themes.
Don't expect to learn fvwm-themes in one day. Just trying all possible
combinations of different theme components and their options may take years.
There are more explanations in the FAQ.

Documentation
-------------

There is plenty of documentation in the doc/ directory.
Please read it before asking your questions. Thank you.

Notes
-----

* For sound effects to work you need one of the sounds player listed under
  Theme Management->current->settings->Sound Player to be installed (but
  having one which can play .wav sound is a good idea). You can use esdplay
  with esd running or not. rplayd must be run for rplay. You should update
  your rplay.conf file with the sounds in sounds/ and themes/awol/sounds
  for rplayD.
* fvwm-themes is wm-icons compatible. If you want to use more icon sets
  than included 16x16-kde and 48x48-infox, you should install wm-icons
  package and choose "External wm-icons" in current/settings/Icon Styles.

Success to you and enjoy!
